number of repetitive active clusters: 86

cluster 1: 265 exemplars
cluster 2: 238 exemplars
cluster 3: 205 exemplars
cluster 4: 172 exemplars
cluster 5: 125 exemplars
cluster 6: 125 exemplars
cluster 7: 46 exemplars
cluster 8: 36 exemplars
cluster 9: 35 exemplars
cluster 10: 31 exemplars
cluster 11: 30 exemplars
cluster 12: 27 exemplars
cluster 13: 26 exemplars
cluster 14: 24 exemplars
cluster 15: 24 exemplars
cluster 16: 23 exemplars
cluster 17: 23 exemplars
cluster 18: 22 exemplars
cluster 19: 20 exemplars
cluster 20: 20 exemplars
cluster 21: 15 exemplars
cluster 22: 15 exemplars
cluster 23: 15 exemplars
cluster 24: 15 exemplars
cluster 25: 14 exemplars
cluster 26: 14 exemplars
cluster 27: 14 exemplars
cluster 28: 14 exemplars
cluster 29: 13 exemplars
cluster 30: 13 exemplars
cluster 31: 12 exemplars
cluster 32: 11 exemplars
cluster 33: 11 exemplars
cluster 34: 10 exemplars
cluster 35: 8 exemplars
cluster 36: 8 exemplars
cluster 37: 7 exemplars
cluster 38: 7 exemplars
cluster 39: 7 exemplars
cluster 40: 7 exemplars
cluster 41: 6 exemplars
cluster 42: 6 exemplars
cluster 43: 6 exemplars
cluster 44: 5 exemplars
cluster 45: 5 exemplars
cluster 46: 5 exemplars
cluster 47: 5 exemplars
cluster 48: 5 exemplars
cluster 49: 5 exemplars
cluster 50: 4 exemplars
cluster 51: 4 exemplars
cluster 52: 4 exemplars
cluster 53: 4 exemplars
cluster 54: 4 exemplars
cluster 55: 4 exemplars
cluster 56: 3 exemplars
cluster 57: 3 exemplars
cluster 58: 3 exemplars
cluster 59: 3 exemplars
cluster 60: 3 exemplars
cluster 61: 3 exemplars
cluster 62: 3 exemplars
cluster 63: 3 exemplars
cluster 64: 3 exemplars
cluster 65: 3 exemplars
cluster 66: 2 exemplars
cluster 67: 2 exemplars
cluster 68: 2 exemplars
cluster 69: 2 exemplars
cluster 70: 2 exemplars
cluster 71: 2 exemplars
cluster 72: 2 exemplars
cluster 73: 2 exemplars
cluster 74: 2 exemplars
cluster 75: 2 exemplars
cluster 76: 2 exemplars
cluster 77: 2 exemplars
cluster 78: 2 exemplars
cluster 79: 2 exemplars
cluster 80: 2 exemplars
cluster 81: 2 exemplars
cluster 82: 2 exemplars
cluster 83: 2 exemplars
cluster 84: 2 exemplars
cluster 85: 2 exemplars
cluster 86: 2 exemplars
