number of repetitive active clusters: 69

cluster 1: 142 exemplars
cluster 2: 116 exemplars
cluster 3: 114 exemplars
cluster 4: 94 exemplars
cluster 5: 80 exemplars
cluster 6: 79 exemplars
cluster 7: 71 exemplars
cluster 8: 28 exemplars
cluster 9: 22 exemplars
cluster 10: 21 exemplars
cluster 11: 19 exemplars
cluster 12: 17 exemplars
cluster 13: 15 exemplars
cluster 14: 14 exemplars
cluster 15: 11 exemplars
cluster 16: 8 exemplars
cluster 17: 8 exemplars
cluster 18: 7 exemplars
cluster 19: 7 exemplars
cluster 20: 7 exemplars
cluster 21: 7 exemplars
cluster 22: 6 exemplars
cluster 23: 6 exemplars
cluster 24: 6 exemplars
cluster 25: 5 exemplars
cluster 26: 5 exemplars
cluster 27: 5 exemplars
cluster 28: 5 exemplars
cluster 29: 5 exemplars
cluster 30: 4 exemplars
cluster 31: 4 exemplars
cluster 32: 4 exemplars
cluster 33: 4 exemplars
cluster 34: 4 exemplars
cluster 35: 4 exemplars
cluster 36: 4 exemplars
cluster 37: 4 exemplars
cluster 38: 4 exemplars
cluster 39: 3 exemplars
cluster 40: 3 exemplars
cluster 41: 3 exemplars
cluster 42: 3 exemplars
cluster 43: 3 exemplars
cluster 44: 3 exemplars
cluster 45: 2 exemplars
cluster 46: 2 exemplars
cluster 47: 2 exemplars
cluster 48: 2 exemplars
cluster 49: 2 exemplars
cluster 50: 2 exemplars
cluster 51: 2 exemplars
cluster 52: 2 exemplars
cluster 53: 2 exemplars
cluster 54: 2 exemplars
cluster 55: 2 exemplars
cluster 56: 2 exemplars
cluster 57: 2 exemplars
cluster 58: 2 exemplars
cluster 59: 2 exemplars
cluster 60: 2 exemplars
cluster 61: 2 exemplars
cluster 62: 2 exemplars
cluster 63: 2 exemplars
cluster 64: 2 exemplars
cluster 65: 2 exemplars
cluster 66: 2 exemplars
cluster 67: 2 exemplars
cluster 68: 2 exemplars
cluster 69: 2 exemplars
