number of repetitive active clusters: 127

cluster 1: 201 exemplars
cluster 2: 192 exemplars
cluster 3: 126 exemplars
cluster 4: 121 exemplars
cluster 5: 92 exemplars
cluster 6: 76 exemplars
cluster 7: 64 exemplars
cluster 8: 42 exemplars
cluster 9: 40 exemplars
cluster 10: 33 exemplars
cluster 11: 31 exemplars
cluster 12: 31 exemplars
cluster 13: 27 exemplars
cluster 14: 25 exemplars
cluster 15: 25 exemplars
cluster 16: 24 exemplars
cluster 17: 24 exemplars
cluster 18: 23 exemplars
cluster 19: 23 exemplars
cluster 20: 22 exemplars
cluster 21: 22 exemplars
cluster 22: 21 exemplars
cluster 23: 21 exemplars
cluster 24: 20 exemplars
cluster 25: 19 exemplars
cluster 26: 17 exemplars
cluster 27: 17 exemplars
cluster 28: 16 exemplars
cluster 29: 16 exemplars
cluster 30: 16 exemplars
cluster 31: 13 exemplars
cluster 32: 13 exemplars
cluster 33: 13 exemplars
cluster 34: 13 exemplars
cluster 35: 12 exemplars
cluster 36: 12 exemplars
cluster 37: 11 exemplars
cluster 38: 11 exemplars
cluster 39: 11 exemplars
cluster 40: 10 exemplars
cluster 41: 10 exemplars
cluster 42: 8 exemplars
cluster 43: 8 exemplars
cluster 44: 8 exemplars
cluster 45: 8 exemplars
cluster 46: 7 exemplars
cluster 47: 7 exemplars
cluster 48: 7 exemplars
cluster 49: 7 exemplars
cluster 50: 6 exemplars
cluster 51: 6 exemplars
cluster 52: 6 exemplars
cluster 53: 6 exemplars
cluster 54: 6 exemplars
cluster 55: 5 exemplars
cluster 56: 5 exemplars
cluster 57: 5 exemplars
cluster 58: 5 exemplars
cluster 59: 5 exemplars
cluster 60: 5 exemplars
cluster 61: 4 exemplars
cluster 62: 4 exemplars
cluster 63: 4 exemplars
cluster 64: 4 exemplars
cluster 65: 4 exemplars
cluster 66: 4 exemplars
cluster 67: 3 exemplars
cluster 68: 3 exemplars
cluster 69: 3 exemplars
cluster 70: 3 exemplars
cluster 71: 3 exemplars
cluster 72: 3 exemplars
cluster 73: 3 exemplars
cluster 74: 3 exemplars
cluster 75: 3 exemplars
cluster 76: 3 exemplars
cluster 77: 3 exemplars
cluster 78: 3 exemplars
cluster 79: 3 exemplars
cluster 80: 3 exemplars
cluster 81: 3 exemplars
cluster 82: 3 exemplars
cluster 83: 3 exemplars
cluster 84: 2 exemplars
cluster 85: 2 exemplars
cluster 86: 2 exemplars
cluster 87: 2 exemplars
cluster 88: 2 exemplars
cluster 89: 2 exemplars
cluster 90: 2 exemplars
cluster 91: 2 exemplars
cluster 92: 2 exemplars
cluster 93: 2 exemplars
cluster 94: 2 exemplars
cluster 95: 2 exemplars
cluster 96: 2 exemplars
cluster 97: 2 exemplars
cluster 98: 2 exemplars
cluster 99: 2 exemplars
cluster 100: 2 exemplars
cluster 101: 2 exemplars
cluster 102: 2 exemplars
cluster 103: 2 exemplars
cluster 104: 2 exemplars
cluster 105: 2 exemplars
cluster 106: 2 exemplars
cluster 107: 2 exemplars
cluster 108: 2 exemplars
cluster 109: 2 exemplars
cluster 110: 2 exemplars
cluster 111: 2 exemplars
cluster 112: 2 exemplars
cluster 113: 2 exemplars
cluster 114: 2 exemplars
cluster 115: 2 exemplars
cluster 116: 2 exemplars
cluster 117: 2 exemplars
cluster 118: 2 exemplars
cluster 119: 2 exemplars
cluster 120: 2 exemplars
cluster 121: 2 exemplars
cluster 122: 2 exemplars
cluster 123: 2 exemplars
cluster 124: 2 exemplars
cluster 125: 2 exemplars
cluster 126: 2 exemplars
cluster 127: 2 exemplars
