number of repetitive active clusters: 63

cluster 1: 133 exemplars
cluster 2: 119 exemplars
cluster 3: 116 exemplars
cluster 4: 92 exemplars
cluster 5: 88 exemplars
cluster 6: 85 exemplars
cluster 7: 67 exemplars
cluster 8: 28 exemplars
cluster 9: 26 exemplars
cluster 10: 20 exemplars
cluster 11: 20 exemplars
cluster 12: 14 exemplars
cluster 13: 14 exemplars
cluster 14: 12 exemplars
cluster 15: 12 exemplars
cluster 16: 12 exemplars
cluster 17: 10 exemplars
cluster 18: 9 exemplars
cluster 19: 9 exemplars
cluster 20: 8 exemplars
cluster 21: 8 exemplars
cluster 22: 7 exemplars
cluster 23: 6 exemplars
cluster 24: 6 exemplars
cluster 25: 5 exemplars
cluster 26: 5 exemplars
cluster 27: 5 exemplars
cluster 28: 5 exemplars
cluster 29: 5 exemplars
cluster 30: 5 exemplars
cluster 31: 4 exemplars
cluster 32: 4 exemplars
cluster 33: 4 exemplars
cluster 34: 4 exemplars
cluster 35: 3 exemplars
cluster 36: 3 exemplars
cluster 37: 3 exemplars
cluster 38: 3 exemplars
cluster 39: 3 exemplars
cluster 40: 3 exemplars
cluster 41: 3 exemplars
cluster 42: 3 exemplars
cluster 43: 3 exemplars
cluster 44: 2 exemplars
cluster 45: 2 exemplars
cluster 46: 2 exemplars
cluster 47: 2 exemplars
cluster 48: 2 exemplars
cluster 49: 2 exemplars
cluster 50: 2 exemplars
cluster 51: 2 exemplars
cluster 52: 2 exemplars
cluster 53: 2 exemplars
cluster 54: 2 exemplars
cluster 55: 2 exemplars
cluster 56: 2 exemplars
cluster 57: 2 exemplars
cluster 58: 2 exemplars
cluster 59: 2 exemplars
cluster 60: 2 exemplars
cluster 61: 2 exemplars
cluster 62: 2 exemplars
cluster 63: 2 exemplars
