number of repetitive active clusters: 100

cluster 1: 237 exemplars
cluster 2: 217 exemplars
cluster 3: 163 exemplars
cluster 4: 143 exemplars
cluster 5: 94 exemplars
cluster 6: 85 exemplars
cluster 7: 40 exemplars
cluster 8: 37 exemplars
cluster 9: 27 exemplars
cluster 10: 26 exemplars
cluster 11: 26 exemplars
cluster 12: 23 exemplars
cluster 13: 22 exemplars
cluster 14: 20 exemplars
cluster 15: 20 exemplars
cluster 16: 20 exemplars
cluster 17: 19 exemplars
cluster 18: 18 exemplars
cluster 19: 18 exemplars
cluster 20: 18 exemplars
cluster 21: 17 exemplars
cluster 22: 16 exemplars
cluster 23: 16 exemplars
cluster 24: 15 exemplars
cluster 25: 15 exemplars
cluster 26: 14 exemplars
cluster 27: 14 exemplars
cluster 28: 13 exemplars
cluster 29: 13 exemplars
cluster 30: 12 exemplars
cluster 31: 12 exemplars
cluster 32: 12 exemplars
cluster 33: 11 exemplars
cluster 34: 11 exemplars
cluster 35: 11 exemplars
cluster 36: 11 exemplars
cluster 37: 11 exemplars
cluster 38: 11 exemplars
cluster 39: 10 exemplars
cluster 40: 10 exemplars
cluster 41: 10 exemplars
cluster 42: 10 exemplars
cluster 43: 9 exemplars
cluster 44: 9 exemplars
cluster 45: 8 exemplars
cluster 46: 7 exemplars
cluster 47: 7 exemplars
cluster 48: 6 exemplars
cluster 49: 6 exemplars
cluster 50: 5 exemplars
cluster 51: 5 exemplars
cluster 52: 5 exemplars
cluster 53: 5 exemplars
cluster 54: 5 exemplars
cluster 55: 4 exemplars
cluster 56: 4 exemplars
cluster 57: 4 exemplars
cluster 58: 4 exemplars
cluster 59: 4 exemplars
cluster 60: 4 exemplars
cluster 61: 4 exemplars
cluster 62: 3 exemplars
cluster 63: 3 exemplars
cluster 64: 3 exemplars
cluster 65: 3 exemplars
cluster 66: 3 exemplars
cluster 67: 3 exemplars
cluster 68: 3 exemplars
cluster 69: 3 exemplars
cluster 70: 3 exemplars
cluster 71: 3 exemplars
cluster 72: 3 exemplars
cluster 73: 3 exemplars
cluster 74: 3 exemplars
cluster 75: 3 exemplars
cluster 76: 3 exemplars
cluster 77: 2 exemplars
cluster 78: 2 exemplars
cluster 79: 2 exemplars
cluster 80: 2 exemplars
cluster 81: 2 exemplars
cluster 82: 2 exemplars
cluster 83: 2 exemplars
cluster 84: 2 exemplars
cluster 85: 2 exemplars
cluster 86: 2 exemplars
cluster 87: 2 exemplars
cluster 88: 2 exemplars
cluster 89: 2 exemplars
cluster 90: 2 exemplars
cluster 91: 2 exemplars
cluster 92: 2 exemplars
cluster 93: 2 exemplars
cluster 94: 2 exemplars
cluster 95: 2 exemplars
cluster 96: 2 exemplars
cluster 97: 2 exemplars
cluster 98: 2 exemplars
cluster 99: 2 exemplars
cluster 100: 2 exemplars
