number of repetitive active clusters: 49

cluster 1: 255 exemplars
cluster 2: 219 exemplars
cluster 3: 187 exemplars
cluster 4: 164 exemplars
cluster 5: 141 exemplars
cluster 6: 122 exemplars
cluster 7: 34 exemplars
cluster 8: 31 exemplars
cluster 9: 28 exemplars
cluster 10: 19 exemplars
cluster 11: 19 exemplars
cluster 12: 19 exemplars
cluster 13: 18 exemplars
cluster 14: 16 exemplars
cluster 15: 16 exemplars
cluster 16: 15 exemplars
cluster 17: 12 exemplars
cluster 18: 11 exemplars
cluster 19: 10 exemplars
cluster 20: 10 exemplars
cluster 21: 10 exemplars
cluster 22: 10 exemplars
cluster 23: 9 exemplars
cluster 24: 9 exemplars
cluster 25: 8 exemplars
cluster 26: 7 exemplars
cluster 27: 6 exemplars
cluster 28: 5 exemplars
cluster 29: 4 exemplars
cluster 30: 3 exemplars
cluster 31: 3 exemplars
cluster 32: 3 exemplars
cluster 33: 3 exemplars
cluster 34: 3 exemplars
cluster 35: 2 exemplars
cluster 36: 2 exemplars
cluster 37: 2 exemplars
cluster 38: 2 exemplars
cluster 39: 2 exemplars
cluster 40: 2 exemplars
cluster 41: 2 exemplars
cluster 42: 2 exemplars
cluster 43: 2 exemplars
cluster 44: 2 exemplars
cluster 45: 2 exemplars
cluster 46: 2 exemplars
cluster 47: 2 exemplars
cluster 48: 2 exemplars
cluster 49: 2 exemplars
