number of repetitive active clusters: 27

cluster 1: 111 exemplars
cluster 2: 91 exemplars
cluster 3: 86 exemplars
cluster 4: 81 exemplars
cluster 5: 76 exemplars
cluster 6: 71 exemplars
cluster 7: 14 exemplars
cluster 8: 13 exemplars
cluster 9: 12 exemplars
cluster 10: 11 exemplars
cluster 11: 10 exemplars
cluster 12: 8 exemplars
cluster 13: 7 exemplars
cluster 14: 7 exemplars
cluster 15: 7 exemplars
cluster 16: 6 exemplars
cluster 17: 6 exemplars
cluster 18: 5 exemplars
cluster 19: 5 exemplars
cluster 20: 4 exemplars
cluster 21: 3 exemplars
cluster 22: 3 exemplars
cluster 23: 2 exemplars
cluster 24: 2 exemplars
cluster 25: 2 exemplars
cluster 26: 2 exemplars
cluster 27: 2 exemplars
