number of repetitive active clusters: 104

cluster 1: 266 exemplars
cluster 2: 255 exemplars
cluster 3: 204 exemplars
cluster 4: 179 exemplars
cluster 5: 127 exemplars
cluster 6: 99 exemplars
cluster 7: 54 exemplars
cluster 8: 49 exemplars
cluster 9: 34 exemplars
cluster 10: 34 exemplars
cluster 11: 33 exemplars
cluster 12: 28 exemplars
cluster 13: 27 exemplars
cluster 14: 24 exemplars
cluster 15: 24 exemplars
cluster 16: 23 exemplars
cluster 17: 20 exemplars
cluster 18: 20 exemplars
cluster 19: 19 exemplars
cluster 20: 19 exemplars
cluster 21: 18 exemplars
cluster 22: 18 exemplars
cluster 23: 17 exemplars
cluster 24: 17 exemplars
cluster 25: 17 exemplars
cluster 26: 16 exemplars
cluster 27: 16 exemplars
cluster 28: 16 exemplars
cluster 29: 16 exemplars
cluster 30: 16 exemplars
cluster 31: 14 exemplars
cluster 32: 13 exemplars
cluster 33: 13 exemplars
cluster 34: 13 exemplars
cluster 35: 11 exemplars
cluster 36: 11 exemplars
cluster 37: 11 exemplars
cluster 38: 11 exemplars
cluster 39: 10 exemplars
cluster 40: 10 exemplars
cluster 41: 10 exemplars
cluster 42: 9 exemplars
cluster 43: 9 exemplars
cluster 44: 9 exemplars
cluster 45: 8 exemplars
cluster 46: 8 exemplars
cluster 47: 7 exemplars
cluster 48: 7 exemplars
cluster 49: 7 exemplars
cluster 50: 7 exemplars
cluster 51: 7 exemplars
cluster 52: 6 exemplars
cluster 53: 5 exemplars
cluster 54: 5 exemplars
cluster 55: 5 exemplars
cluster 56: 5 exemplars
cluster 57: 5 exemplars
cluster 58: 4 exemplars
cluster 59: 4 exemplars
cluster 60: 4 exemplars
cluster 61: 4 exemplars
cluster 62: 3 exemplars
cluster 63: 3 exemplars
cluster 64: 3 exemplars
cluster 65: 3 exemplars
cluster 66: 3 exemplars
cluster 67: 3 exemplars
cluster 68: 3 exemplars
cluster 69: 3 exemplars
cluster 70: 3 exemplars
cluster 71: 2 exemplars
cluster 72: 2 exemplars
cluster 73: 2 exemplars
cluster 74: 2 exemplars
cluster 75: 2 exemplars
cluster 76: 2 exemplars
cluster 77: 2 exemplars
cluster 78: 2 exemplars
cluster 79: 2 exemplars
cluster 80: 2 exemplars
cluster 81: 2 exemplars
cluster 82: 2 exemplars
cluster 83: 2 exemplars
cluster 84: 2 exemplars
cluster 85: 2 exemplars
cluster 86: 2 exemplars
cluster 87: 2 exemplars
cluster 88: 2 exemplars
cluster 89: 2 exemplars
cluster 90: 2 exemplars
cluster 91: 2 exemplars
cluster 92: 2 exemplars
cluster 93: 2 exemplars
cluster 94: 2 exemplars
cluster 95: 2 exemplars
cluster 96: 2 exemplars
cluster 97: 2 exemplars
cluster 98: 2 exemplars
cluster 99: 2 exemplars
cluster 100: 2 exemplars
cluster 101: 2 exemplars
cluster 102: 2 exemplars
cluster 103: 2 exemplars
cluster 104: 2 exemplars
