number of repetitive active clusters: 51

cluster 1: 289 exemplars
cluster 2: 275 exemplars
cluster 3: 192 exemplars
cluster 4: 175 exemplars
cluster 5: 162 exemplars
cluster 6: 128 exemplars
cluster 7: 41 exemplars
cluster 8: 40 exemplars
cluster 9: 39 exemplars
cluster 10: 31 exemplars
cluster 11: 31 exemplars
cluster 12: 27 exemplars
cluster 13: 21 exemplars
cluster 14: 21 exemplars
cluster 15: 20 exemplars
cluster 16: 20 exemplars
cluster 17: 18 exemplars
cluster 18: 17 exemplars
cluster 19: 17 exemplars
cluster 20: 17 exemplars
cluster 21: 15 exemplars
cluster 22: 13 exemplars
cluster 23: 12 exemplars
cluster 24: 11 exemplars
cluster 25: 11 exemplars
cluster 26: 11 exemplars
cluster 27: 10 exemplars
cluster 28: 7 exemplars
cluster 29: 7 exemplars
cluster 30: 7 exemplars
cluster 31: 7 exemplars
cluster 32: 5 exemplars
cluster 33: 4 exemplars
cluster 34: 4 exemplars
cluster 35: 4 exemplars
cluster 36: 3 exemplars
cluster 37: 3 exemplars
cluster 38: 3 exemplars
cluster 39: 3 exemplars
cluster 40: 3 exemplars
cluster 41: 2 exemplars
cluster 42: 2 exemplars
cluster 43: 2 exemplars
cluster 44: 2 exemplars
cluster 45: 2 exemplars
cluster 46: 2 exemplars
cluster 47: 2 exemplars
cluster 48: 2 exemplars
cluster 49: 2 exemplars
cluster 50: 2 exemplars
cluster 51: 2 exemplars
