number of repetitive active clusters: 50

cluster 1: 104 exemplars
cluster 2: 94 exemplars
cluster 3: 92 exemplars
cluster 4: 78 exemplars
cluster 5: 73 exemplars
cluster 6: 65 exemplars
cluster 7: 51 exemplars
cluster 8: 23 exemplars
cluster 9: 21 exemplars
cluster 10: 14 exemplars
cluster 11: 14 exemplars
cluster 12: 13 exemplars
cluster 13: 13 exemplars
cluster 14: 12 exemplars
cluster 15: 11 exemplars
cluster 16: 11 exemplars
cluster 17: 10 exemplars
cluster 18: 8 exemplars
cluster 19: 7 exemplars
cluster 20: 7 exemplars
cluster 21: 7 exemplars
cluster 22: 7 exemplars
cluster 23: 5 exemplars
cluster 24: 4 exemplars
cluster 25: 4 exemplars
cluster 26: 4 exemplars
cluster 27: 4 exemplars
cluster 28: 3 exemplars
cluster 29: 3 exemplars
cluster 30: 3 exemplars
cluster 31: 3 exemplars
cluster 32: 3 exemplars
cluster 33: 2 exemplars
cluster 34: 2 exemplars
cluster 35: 2 exemplars
cluster 36: 2 exemplars
cluster 37: 2 exemplars
cluster 38: 2 exemplars
cluster 39: 2 exemplars
cluster 40: 2 exemplars
cluster 41: 2 exemplars
cluster 42: 2 exemplars
cluster 43: 2 exemplars
cluster 44: 2 exemplars
cluster 45: 2 exemplars
cluster 46: 2 exemplars
cluster 47: 2 exemplars
cluster 48: 2 exemplars
cluster 49: 2 exemplars
cluster 50: 2 exemplars
