number of repetitive active clusters: 59

cluster 1: 92 exemplars
cluster 2: 91 exemplars
cluster 3: 67 exemplars
cluster 4: 62 exemplars
cluster 5: 52 exemplars
cluster 6: 51 exemplars
cluster 7: 40 exemplars
cluster 8: 18 exemplars
cluster 9: 18 exemplars
cluster 10: 15 exemplars
cluster 11: 14 exemplars
cluster 12: 13 exemplars
cluster 13: 12 exemplars
cluster 14: 11 exemplars
cluster 15: 11 exemplars
cluster 16: 11 exemplars
cluster 17: 10 exemplars
cluster 18: 10 exemplars
cluster 19: 10 exemplars
cluster 20: 8 exemplars
cluster 21: 8 exemplars
cluster 22: 7 exemplars
cluster 23: 7 exemplars
cluster 24: 6 exemplars
cluster 25: 6 exemplars
cluster 26: 6 exemplars
cluster 27: 6 exemplars
cluster 28: 6 exemplars
cluster 29: 5 exemplars
cluster 30: 5 exemplars
cluster 31: 5 exemplars
cluster 32: 4 exemplars
cluster 33: 4 exemplars
cluster 34: 4 exemplars
cluster 35: 4 exemplars
cluster 36: 3 exemplars
cluster 37: 3 exemplars
cluster 38: 3 exemplars
cluster 39: 3 exemplars
cluster 40: 3 exemplars
cluster 41: 3 exemplars
cluster 42: 3 exemplars
cluster 43: 3 exemplars
cluster 44: 2 exemplars
cluster 45: 2 exemplars
cluster 46: 2 exemplars
cluster 47: 2 exemplars
cluster 48: 2 exemplars
cluster 49: 2 exemplars
cluster 50: 2 exemplars
cluster 51: 2 exemplars
cluster 52: 2 exemplars
cluster 53: 2 exemplars
cluster 54: 2 exemplars
cluster 55: 2 exemplars
cluster 56: 2 exemplars
cluster 57: 2 exemplars
cluster 58: 2 exemplars
cluster 59: 2 exemplars
