number of repetitive active clusters: 72

cluster 1: 363 exemplars
cluster 2: 273 exemplars
cluster 3: 270 exemplars
cluster 4: 182 exemplars
cluster 5: 175 exemplars
cluster 6: 161 exemplars
cluster 7: 72 exemplars
cluster 8: 48 exemplars
cluster 9: 44 exemplars
cluster 10: 40 exemplars
cluster 11: 38 exemplars
cluster 12: 33 exemplars
cluster 13: 32 exemplars
cluster 14: 29 exemplars
cluster 15: 27 exemplars
cluster 16: 24 exemplars
cluster 17: 21 exemplars
cluster 18: 20 exemplars
cluster 19: 19 exemplars
cluster 20: 19 exemplars
cluster 21: 19 exemplars
cluster 22: 17 exemplars
cluster 23: 16 exemplars
cluster 24: 15 exemplars
cluster 25: 13 exemplars
cluster 26: 11 exemplars
cluster 27: 11 exemplars
cluster 28: 10 exemplars
cluster 29: 9 exemplars
cluster 30: 8 exemplars
cluster 31: 7 exemplars
cluster 32: 7 exemplars
cluster 33: 6 exemplars
cluster 34: 5 exemplars
cluster 35: 4 exemplars
cluster 36: 4 exemplars
cluster 37: 4 exemplars
cluster 38: 4 exemplars
cluster 39: 4 exemplars
cluster 40: 4 exemplars
cluster 41: 4 exemplars
cluster 42: 4 exemplars
cluster 43: 4 exemplars
cluster 44: 4 exemplars
cluster 45: 4 exemplars
cluster 46: 3 exemplars
cluster 47: 3 exemplars
cluster 48: 3 exemplars
cluster 49: 3 exemplars
cluster 50: 3 exemplars
cluster 51: 3 exemplars
cluster 52: 3 exemplars
cluster 53: 2 exemplars
cluster 54: 2 exemplars
cluster 55: 2 exemplars
cluster 56: 2 exemplars
cluster 57: 2 exemplars
cluster 58: 2 exemplars
cluster 59: 2 exemplars
cluster 60: 2 exemplars
cluster 61: 2 exemplars
cluster 62: 2 exemplars
cluster 63: 2 exemplars
cluster 64: 2 exemplars
cluster 65: 2 exemplars
cluster 66: 2 exemplars
cluster 67: 2 exemplars
cluster 68: 2 exemplars
cluster 69: 2 exemplars
cluster 70: 2 exemplars
cluster 71: 2 exemplars
cluster 72: 2 exemplars
