number of repetitive active clusters: 32

cluster 1: 112 exemplars
cluster 2: 103 exemplars
cluster 3: 88 exemplars
cluster 4: 77 exemplars
cluster 5: 70 exemplars
cluster 6: 53 exemplars
cluster 7: 12 exemplars
cluster 8: 11 exemplars
cluster 9: 9 exemplars
cluster 10: 8 exemplars
cluster 11: 6 exemplars
cluster 12: 6 exemplars
cluster 13: 6 exemplars
cluster 14: 5 exemplars
cluster 15: 4 exemplars
cluster 16: 4 exemplars
cluster 17: 3 exemplars
cluster 18: 3 exemplars
cluster 19: 3 exemplars
cluster 20: 3 exemplars
cluster 21: 3 exemplars
cluster 22: 3 exemplars
cluster 23: 2 exemplars
cluster 24: 2 exemplars
cluster 25: 2 exemplars
cluster 26: 2 exemplars
cluster 27: 2 exemplars
cluster 28: 2 exemplars
cluster 29: 2 exemplars
cluster 30: 2 exemplars
cluster 31: 2 exemplars
cluster 32: 2 exemplars
