number of repetitive active clusters: 29

cluster 1: 219 exemplars
cluster 2: 172 exemplars
cluster 3: 161 exemplars
cluster 4: 138 exemplars
cluster 5: 108 exemplars
cluster 6: 90 exemplars
cluster 7: 31 exemplars
cluster 8: 23 exemplars
cluster 9: 19 exemplars
cluster 10: 18 exemplars
cluster 11: 16 exemplars
cluster 12: 15 exemplars
cluster 13: 15 exemplars
cluster 14: 14 exemplars
cluster 15: 13 exemplars
cluster 16: 13 exemplars
cluster 17: 13 exemplars
cluster 18: 9 exemplars
cluster 19: 7 exemplars
cluster 20: 6 exemplars
cluster 21: 5 exemplars
cluster 22: 4 exemplars
cluster 23: 4 exemplars
cluster 24: 4 exemplars
cluster 25: 3 exemplars
cluster 26: 3 exemplars
cluster 27: 2 exemplars
cluster 28: 2 exemplars
cluster 29: 2 exemplars
