number of repetitive active clusters: 65

cluster 1: 328 exemplars
cluster 2: 321 exemplars
cluster 3: 256 exemplars
cluster 4: 218 exemplars
cluster 5: 173 exemplars
cluster 6: 131 exemplars
cluster 7: 61 exemplars
cluster 8: 54 exemplars
cluster 9: 52 exemplars
cluster 10: 43 exemplars
cluster 11: 42 exemplars
cluster 12: 38 exemplars
cluster 13: 35 exemplars
cluster 14: 34 exemplars
cluster 15: 27 exemplars
cluster 16: 26 exemplars
cluster 17: 25 exemplars
cluster 18: 25 exemplars
cluster 19: 20 exemplars
cluster 20: 19 exemplars
cluster 21: 17 exemplars
cluster 22: 17 exemplars
cluster 23: 15 exemplars
cluster 24: 15 exemplars
cluster 25: 15 exemplars
cluster 26: 14 exemplars
cluster 27: 12 exemplars
cluster 28: 8 exemplars
cluster 29: 7 exemplars
cluster 30: 7 exemplars
cluster 31: 7 exemplars
cluster 32: 6 exemplars
cluster 33: 6 exemplars
cluster 34: 6 exemplars
cluster 35: 6 exemplars
cluster 36: 4 exemplars
cluster 37: 4 exemplars
cluster 38: 4 exemplars
cluster 39: 3 exemplars
cluster 40: 3 exemplars
cluster 41: 3 exemplars
cluster 42: 3 exemplars
cluster 43: 3 exemplars
cluster 44: 3 exemplars
cluster 45: 3 exemplars
cluster 46: 3 exemplars
cluster 47: 3 exemplars
cluster 48: 3 exemplars
cluster 49: 2 exemplars
cluster 50: 2 exemplars
cluster 51: 2 exemplars
cluster 52: 2 exemplars
cluster 53: 2 exemplars
cluster 54: 2 exemplars
cluster 55: 2 exemplars
cluster 56: 2 exemplars
cluster 57: 2 exemplars
cluster 58: 2 exemplars
cluster 59: 2 exemplars
cluster 60: 2 exemplars
cluster 61: 2 exemplars
cluster 62: 2 exemplars
cluster 63: 2 exemplars
cluster 64: 2 exemplars
cluster 65: 2 exemplars
