number of repetitive active clusters: 93

cluster 1: 101 exemplars
cluster 2: 82 exemplars
cluster 3: 78 exemplars
cluster 4: 48 exemplars
cluster 5: 43 exemplars
cluster 6: 43 exemplars
cluster 7: 43 exemplars
cluster 8: 41 exemplars
cluster 9: 37 exemplars
cluster 10: 35 exemplars
cluster 11: 34 exemplars
cluster 12: 26 exemplars
cluster 13: 22 exemplars
cluster 14: 17 exemplars
cluster 15: 14 exemplars
cluster 16: 12 exemplars
cluster 17: 9 exemplars
cluster 18: 9 exemplars
cluster 19: 8 exemplars
cluster 20: 8 exemplars
cluster 21: 8 exemplars
cluster 22: 8 exemplars
cluster 23: 7 exemplars
cluster 24: 7 exemplars
cluster 25: 6 exemplars
cluster 26: 6 exemplars
cluster 27: 6 exemplars
cluster 28: 6 exemplars
cluster 29: 6 exemplars
cluster 30: 6 exemplars
cluster 31: 6 exemplars
cluster 32: 6 exemplars
cluster 33: 5 exemplars
cluster 34: 5 exemplars
cluster 35: 5 exemplars
cluster 36: 5 exemplars
cluster 37: 5 exemplars
cluster 38: 5 exemplars
cluster 39: 4 exemplars
cluster 40: 4 exemplars
cluster 41: 4 exemplars
cluster 42: 4 exemplars
cluster 43: 4 exemplars
cluster 44: 4 exemplars
cluster 45: 4 exemplars
cluster 46: 4 exemplars
cluster 47: 4 exemplars
cluster 48: 4 exemplars
cluster 49: 3 exemplars
cluster 50: 3 exemplars
cluster 51: 3 exemplars
cluster 52: 3 exemplars
cluster 53: 3 exemplars
cluster 54: 3 exemplars
cluster 55: 3 exemplars
cluster 56: 3 exemplars
cluster 57: 3 exemplars
cluster 58: 3 exemplars
cluster 59: 3 exemplars
cluster 60: 3 exemplars
cluster 61: 3 exemplars
cluster 62: 3 exemplars
cluster 63: 2 exemplars
cluster 64: 2 exemplars
cluster 65: 2 exemplars
cluster 66: 2 exemplars
cluster 67: 2 exemplars
cluster 68: 2 exemplars
cluster 69: 2 exemplars
cluster 70: 2 exemplars
cluster 71: 2 exemplars
cluster 72: 2 exemplars
cluster 73: 2 exemplars
cluster 74: 2 exemplars
cluster 75: 2 exemplars
cluster 76: 2 exemplars
cluster 77: 2 exemplars
cluster 78: 2 exemplars
cluster 79: 2 exemplars
cluster 80: 2 exemplars
cluster 81: 2 exemplars
cluster 82: 2 exemplars
cluster 83: 2 exemplars
cluster 84: 2 exemplars
cluster 85: 2 exemplars
cluster 86: 2 exemplars
cluster 87: 2 exemplars
cluster 88: 2 exemplars
cluster 89: 2 exemplars
cluster 90: 2 exemplars
cluster 91: 2 exemplars
cluster 92: 2 exemplars
cluster 93: 2 exemplars
